good afternoon dear channel viewers
plants we are visiting with the ogres lau and
now we are in the greenhouse in which
full as you see all sorts of different
junipers and we'll talk about
Blue chip junipers are very
cute very, very, very
juniper which i really love me
he likes the fact that when it grows
already an adult plant
she looks almost like a clear star
rare rare branches need to prune
fills the middle very well bares
branches much later than many others
central century bare therefore
probably for this i love him and how are you
you can see it is not just lying on the ground and
the branches are slightly raised it grows
as low as possible in the central
point at the center point of the trunk
adult condition probably centimeter 25
but it should try but you look
what a beautiful color it is blue
juniper is another nuance
in winter this blueness acquires such
a lilac pinkish hue is also very
looks nice and again you
juniper of two colors
in summer 1 in winter another juniper this
not capricious it grows beautifully on
the sun then it is brighter more
blue is not in the shadows either
feel bad the only thing
on the branches a little more suspender and
the plant will not be such a bright color but
some part of the blueness she's still
save and naturally need to remember about
the fact that such junipers
you can direct as you want
you can cut off
one part and lower the second
let's say it will be already as more
curb or cascade version but it
also looks interesting you can let
him grow to chance as he grows and
then you will get on your plot
very beautiful bright blue star
so do not be afraid of this juniper
it grows well in our zone and
feel great need
try to kill him all
Good, see our channel